# Agenda

* Discuss things that need to go into Requirements Doc
    * Mock-up of UI screen
    * RTM. We probably need to write the Use-cases for this.
        * We probably also need to figure out our test cases for this.
    * It shouldn't include Technical Requirements
    * We should focus only on Business, Functional and Non-Functional Requirements and other things outlined in the slides.
    * Am I missing anything in terms of Requirement Doc?

* Design doc is due next Thursday. Lets get a headstart on it.
    * Maia + Shrey can update on the status of UML diagram(s).
        * UML Class/Object diagram
        * UML System Flow diagram. This should probably be in Requirements Doc as well
    * Stephen and I should finalize the ER diagram and have that ready for the design doc.
    * Anushka should tell us what should be in the design from UI/UX pov
    * Figure out what else should be in the design doc?

* Decide which is the first feature we want to implement and we should work towards that.
    * Regardless of the feature, Stephen and I should configure the database but maybe expose only the stuff required for that particular feature for the time being.
    * Shrey to check about the scalability of visualization packages so that we can decide which one we are going forward with.

# Minutes

TO BE POSTED AFTER THE MEETING
