# Agenda

* Ask Maia if she can take minutes

* Need to finalize Requirements Doc. Due this Thursday.
    * There is a doc on google drive with the sections that need to be in there
    * Any other sections that might need to be there(?)
         * check the slides for requirements; outline for what should be included is written there

* Stephen and I should start working on the database and set our goals for the week.

* Anushka and Shrey should start working on some of the front-end pages and set goals for the week.

* Maia would probably need to work everyone to figure out what front-end functions are required and what back-end functions are required.

* Lets aim to do our respective tasks by next Wednesday.

* Ask TA for feedback on Piazza about previous milestone and ask any follow-up questions that we had thought of for the Coast Capital people.

* We could use Tableau instead of d3.js

# Minutes

<table>
	<tr>
  	<th>TOPIC</th>
    <th>DISCUSSION</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  	<td>Finalizing requirements for the next deliverable</td>
    <td>
      <p>We will have to wait for our professor to go through his requirements in full.</p>
      <p>His slides were posted on Saturday and he will go into details on Tuesday; if not, we will have to ask him our questions.</p>
      <p>More is better than less so if anything, we should write as much as possible.</p>
      <p>We should do both business and technical requirements.</p>
      <p>Technical requirements would be more specific as to what systems we will be using, what we will be supporting, etc.</p>
      <p>We can copy the revision history from the TOR sheet for this purpose.</p>
      <p>We should use the same format but not the same headings.</p>
      <hr/>
      <p>Should we involve business diagrams?</p>
      <p>[Shrey]</p>
      <p>Assumed to be the same things being done in CPSC 355.</p>
      <p><strong>Business Process Flow Charting</strong></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  	<td>Implementing the system</td>
    <td>
      <p>We should start implementing the system. Stephen and Vaastav will start designing the database, Shrey and Anushka should start designing and implementing the UI while Maia will be the middle-man, who should start implementing functionalities that are being brought in by UI and asking for the backend implementation from Vaastav and Stephen.</p>
      <hr/>
      <p>[Vaastav]</p>
      <p>Different layers:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Database</li>
        <li>Backend</li>
        <li>Communication between back and UI/front end</li>
      </ul>
      <hr/>
      <p>[Shrey, Maia]</p>
      <p>Should decide what framework to bring in for front end</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  	<td>Grades and feedback from last deliverables</td>
    <td>
      <p>Can try asking for feedback but there is little chance it will be of any good. We should apply the feedback if they give it to us but if not we can’t do anything about it.</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  	<td>Using Tableau?</td>
    <td>
      <p>[Shrey]</p>
      <p>Can be integrated into JS, and the good thing about it is that you can edit the graph after making it.</p>
      <p>Should make sure the token is not too restrictive and is free for us.</p>
      <p>[Vaastav]</p>
      <p>If did not work should just go for d3. With any packages that we are looking at, we should make sure it’s usable for us and it will be scalable by the company after we’re done.</p>
      <p>[Stephen]</p>
      <p>There are so many packages to use for graph envisioning, and one of the good ones out there is chart.js. Should definitely make sure the package we use are compatible with IE11.</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  	<td>For Wednesday's Meeting</td>
    <td>
      <p>Should have majority of the things done around Wednesday since a lot of us will be offline/away during the weekend.</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Priority #1: Requirements</li>
        <li>
          <p>Next priorities:</p>
          <ul>
            <li>Database schema</li>
            <li>Front end environment setup (make sure you’re aware of licenses, browser compatibility, etc)</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  	<td>Admin Privileges</td>
    <td>
      <p>Discussions around Admins vs. Super Admins vs. Users</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Should admins be able to add other admins?</li>
        <li>Should we have a super admin who can delete admins but no admins are able to delete other admins?</li>
        <li>Should admins be able to delete themselves from being admins?</li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  	<td>Slack workspace ID</td>
    <td>theterminal319</td>
  </tr>
</table>
